docs: expand streaming conceptual guides (#1524)
langchain-ai/langgraph: docs/docs/cloud/how-tos/stream_events.md

# How to stream events

> This guide covers how to stream events from your graph (`stream_mode="events"`). Depending on the use case and user experience of your LangGraph application, your application may process event types differently. Read about the concept behind events [here](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/concepts/low_level/#astream_events-for-streaming-tokens-of-llm-calls).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide covers how to stream events from your graph (`stream_mode="events"`). Depending on the use case and user experience of your LangGraph application, your application may process event types differently. Read more about events in this [conceptual guide](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/concepts/low_level/#astream_events-for-streaming-tokens-of-llm-calls).
```
